README.markdown, before:

## Library Overview

__Kaltura's HTML5 Media Library__ enables you leverage a unified configuration and development API for both HTML5 and Flash. It enables delivery of rich on page and in player experiences backed by robust metadata and per device asset delivery of the [kaltura platform](http://corp.kaltura.com/). It supports a [wide range of features](http://html5video.org/kaltura-player/docs/), an external and internal plugin model, advanced html5 player, and custom skins. 

## Documentation

Your first stop for kaltura related integration questions should be the [Kaltura HTML5 Configuration](http://html5video.org/wiki/Kaltura_HTML5_Configuration)

Library documentation for installation, configuration, and usage is maintained on the [html5video.org wiki](http://html5video.org/wiki/Category:Kaltura_HTML5_Video_Library_Documentation)

Also you can find us on #kaltura in irc.freeNode.net

## Quick start

* Extract or git clone the mwEmebd folder to your php server. 
* Rename LocalSettings.php.sample to LocalSettings.php
* Navigate to http://{yourServer}/path/to/mwEmbed/docs for player examples. 

## Hacking on mwEmbed

* Pull requests can be sent to <a href="https://github.com/kaltura/mwEmbed/">our git hub repo</a>. 
* Our coding conventions <a href="http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Manual:Coding_conventions/JavaScript">follow mediaWiki js guidelines</a>. 

## Release Notes

[Release Notes ](http://html5video.org/wiki/Kaltura_HTML5_Release_Notes) documents every release and provides production, staging and zip downloads. 

## Library Features

The [kaltura player feature hub](http://html5video.org/kaltura-player/docs/) hosts most of the libraries features and associated test files.  

## Timed Media Handler

Kaltura HTML5 library is the upstream library for the wikimedia video support in <a href="http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:TimedMediaHandler">Timed Media Handler</a>

## License and Copyright Information

mwEmbed code is Released under the AGPL3, Portions used in TimedMediaHandler, are dual licensed under
GPL2 and AGPL3.

Libraries used include their license info in their included path 

Copyright (C) 2007-2012 Kaltura, Wikimedia Foundation

Sub modules and libraries carry specific copyright while the the entire package is always releasable under the GPL 2

Author Michael Dale <michael.dale@kaltura.com>, Ran Yefet <ran.yefet@kaltura.com>, Avi Vaisenberger <avi.vaisenberger@kaltura.com> and many others.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.
[http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html)

Commit message:

Added COPYING file to modules used in mediawiki, updated readme

README.markdown, after:

## Library Overview

__Kaltura's HTML5 Media Library__ enables you leverage a unified configuration and development API for both HTML5 and Flash. It enables delivery of rich on page and in player experiences backed by robust metadata and per device asset delivery of the [kaltura platform](http://corp.kaltura.com/). It supports a [wide range of features](http://html5video.org/kaltura-player/docs/), an external and internal plugin model, advanced html5 player, and custom skins. 

## Documentation

Your first stop for kaltura related integration questions should be the [Kaltura HTML5 Configuration](http://html5video.org/wiki/Kaltura_HTML5_Configuration)

Library documentation for installation, configuration, and usage is maintained on the [html5video.org wiki](http://html5video.org/wiki/Category:Kaltura_HTML5_Video_Library_Documentation)

Also you can find us on #kaltura in irc.freeNode.net

## Quick start

* Extract or git clone the mwEmebd folder to your php server. 
* Rename LocalSettings.php.sample to LocalSettings.php
* Navigate to http://{yourServer}/path/to/mwEmbed/docs for player examples. 

## Hacking on mwEmbed

* Pull requests can be sent to <a href="https://github.com/kaltura/mwEmbed/">our git hub repo</a>. 
* Our coding conventions <a href="http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Manual:Coding_conventions/JavaScript">follow mediaWiki js guidelines</a>. 

## Release Notes

[Release Notes ](http://html5video.org/wiki/Kaltura_HTML5_Release_Notes) documents every release and provides production, staging and zip downloads. 

## Library Features

The [kaltura player feature hub](http://html5video.org/kaltura-player/docs/) hosts most of the libraries features and associated test files.  

## Timed Media Handler

Kaltura HTML5 library is the upstream library for the wikimedia video support in <a href="http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:TimedMediaHandler">Timed Media Handler</a>

## License and Copyright Information

All mwEmbed code is released under the AGPLv3 unless a different license for a particular library is specified in the applicable library path

Copyright (C) 2007-2012 Kaltura, Wikimedia Foundation

Sub modules and libraries carry specific copyright while the the entire package is always releasable under the GPL 2

Author Michael Dale <michael.dale@kaltura.com>, Ran Yefet <ran.yefet@kaltura.com>, Avi Vaisenberger <avi.vaisenberger@kaltura.com> and many others.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.
[http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html)
