CONVIVA PLUG-IN LICENSE AGREEMENT
---------------------------------

BY INTERACTING IN ANY WAY WITH THE CONVIVA PLUGIN MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH 
THE KALTURA EXCHANGE (THE "PLUGIN"), YOU OR THE ENTITY OR COMPANY THAT 
YOU REPRESENT ("LICENSEE") AGREE TO BE BOUND BY AND A PARTY TO THESE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS ("AGREEMENT").

LICENSEE MAY NOT USE THE PLUGIN UNLESS LICENSEE IS A CUSTOMER OF 
CONVIVA, INC. ("CONVIVA") AND HAS ENTERED INTO A SEPARATE EFFECTIVE 
WRITTEN CUSTOMER AGREEMENT WITH CONVIVA ("CUSTOMER AGREEMENT"). TO THE 
EXTENT OF ANY CONFLICT BETWEEN THIS AGREEMENT AND THE CUSTOMER 
AGREEMENT, THE CUSTOMER AGREEMENT WILL PREVAIL.

1. Grant of License: 
Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Conviva hereby grants 
Licensee a non-exclusive, revocable, nonsublicensable, nontransferable 
license to download and use the Plugin solely to receive the benefit of 
Conviva's service pursuant to the Customer Agreement in connection with 
Licensee's video player environment running on the Kaltura platform. 
Licensee shall not install or use the Plugin for any other purpose 
without Conviva's prior written consent.

2. Proprietary Rights: 
As between Conviva and Licensee, the Plugin and all intellectual 
property rights in and to the Plugin are and shall at all times remain 
the sole and exclusive property of Conviva. 

3. Other Restrictions: 
Except as expressly authorized under this Agreement, the Customer 
Agreement or by Conviva in writing, Licensee will not copy, rent, lease, 
sell, transfer, assign, sublicense, disassemble, reverse engineer or 
decompile (except to the limited extent expressly authorized by 
applicable statutory law), modify or alter any part of the Plugin. 

4. Warranty Disclaimer:
EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE CUSTOMER AGREEMENT, THE PLUGIN IS PROVIDED 
"AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY 
APPLICABLE LAW OR AS SET FORTH IN THE CUSTOMER AGREEMENT, CONVIVA AND 
ITS LICENSORS EACH DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR 
STATUTORY, REGARDING THE PLUGIN, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY AND 
ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, RESULTS OF USE, 
RELIABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, INTERFERENCE WITH 
QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS. FURTHER, 
CONVIVA DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY THAT LICENSEE'S USE OF THE PLUGIN WILL BE 
UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE.

5. Liability Limitation:
EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THE CUSTOMER AGREEMENT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT 
PERMITTED UNDER APPLIACBLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL CONVIVA OR ITS 
LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY UNDER ANY TORT, 
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE 
THEORY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST OR CORRUPTED DATA, COMPUTER FAILURE OR 
MALFUNCTION, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, OR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, 
INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF 
THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PLUGIN, EVEN IF CONVIVA HAS BEEN ADVISED 
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGES AND WHETHER OR NOT SUCH LOSS 
OR DAMAGES ARE FORESEEABLE.

6. Term and Termination:
This Agreement shall continue until expiration or termination of the 
Customer Agreement for any reason. Sections 2 through 8, inclusive, 
shall survive termination of this Agreement.

7. Export Controls:
Licensee shall comply with all export laws and restrictions and 
regulations of the Department of Commerce, the United States Department 
of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), or other United 
States or foreign agency or authority, and Licensee shall not export, or 
allow the export or re-export of the Plugin in violation of any such 
restrictions, laws or regulations. By downloading or using the Plugin, 
Licensee agrees to the foregoing and represents and warrants that 
Licensee is not located in, under the control of, or a national or 
resident of any restricted country.

8. Miscellaneous:
This Agreement (together with the Customer Agreement) constitutes the 
entire agreement between Licensee and Conviva pertaining to the subject 
matter hereof, and supersedes any and all written or oral agreements 
with respect to such subject matter. All disputes arising from or 
relating to the interpretation thereof shall be governed by, resolved 
and construed in accordance with the dispute provisions of the Customer 
Agreement, or if no Customer Agreement exists, (a) under the law of the 
State of California, USA, without reference to its conflict of laws 
principles or the United Nations Conventions for the International Sale 
of Goods and (b) in a court located in Santa Clara County, California, 
USA. This Agreement may be amended only by a writing executed by Conviva 
and Licensee. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be 
unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to 
the extent necessary to make it enforceable. The failure of Conviva to 
act with respect to a breach of this Agreement by Licensee or others 
does not constitute a waiver and shall not limit Conviva's rights with 
respect to such breach or any subsequent breaches. This Agreement is 
personal to Licensee and may not be assigned or transferred for any 
reason whatsoever (including, without limitation, by operation of law, 
merger, reorganization, or as a result of an acquisition or change of 
control involving Licensee) without Conviva's prior written consent 
(other than in connection with a permitted assignment of the Customer 
Agreement) and any action or conduct in violation of the foregoing shall 
be void and without effect.
